**General Queries**

**Q: Is Sign up free?**

A: Yes, it is absolutely free to sign up and create a profile on Derma
Cupid. Being a dating and relationship app, Derma Cupid welcomes all the
adults (18 years old and above), dealing with skin conditions and
looking to connect with other people having similar life experiences.

**Q: Can a person without a skin condition also join in?**

A: Yes, people without skin conditions can also sign up if they are
comfortable to have a partner with a chronic skin condition.

**Q: Will I find people here with my skin condition?**

A: Derma Cupid is one of its kind dating app for people with skin
conditions. Here, you will find numerous profiles of males and females,
dealing with various skin conditions such as Vitiligo, Psoriasis, Acne,
Albinism, Alopecia, Eczema, Dermatitis, Burn, Scar, Birthmark, Scleroderma,
Ichthyosis, Neurofibroma, Rosacea and other chronic skin challenges.
Moreover, it is absolutely free to sign up. So, why don't you try
yourself and discover if it serves your purpose.

**Q: I am looking for my life-partner for marriage? Should I join Derma
Cupid?**

A: Yes, of course. Derma Cupid can be used to discover a partner for
long term romantic relationship (such as marriage), casual dating or
just friends. It is all up to the users to decide. We just expect all
the users to be honest, kind and respectful to others.

**Q: How safe is Derma Cupid?**

A: Derma Cupid has been designed by giving utmost importance to user
security and comfort. We never share the key private information of a
user, such as email address, phone number, and Facebook account details
with other users. Also, the user can choose to hide profile name. Hence,
the user remains in full control of the account.

**Q: How Derma Cupid keeps spammers and fraud people away?**

A: Email verification is mandatory for all the users. Also, at the time
of sign up, user has to verify either mobile number or Facebook. The
dedicated team of moderators screens each and every user and monitor
their activities constantly and remove profiles which do not comply with
our terms of use and community guidelines. In short, we do hate spammers
as much as you do.

**Q: How to get the right match?**

A: Follow the below steps to discover the right match quickly:

- Complete your profile properly by providing all the information
  accurately

- Add photo(s) to your profile. More the photos, better will be the
  responses.

- Update your partner preference criteria so that relevant profiles
  can be shown to you.

- Improve the trust score to enhance authenticity and credibility of
  your profile. Genuine profiles with a high trust score (80% and
  higher) attract more likes, chat requests and responses.

- Log in regularly and respond to new interests and messages.

**Q: How to connect with customer support team?**

A: You can email to <support@dermacupid.com> from the registered email
address associated with your account. Alternatively, you can visit the
[contact us]{.underline} page and submit the contact form by providing
detailed information about your query.

**Sign up & Login**

**Q: How to Sign up?**

**A: Download the Derma Cupid app- android app from Google play store
and iOS app from Apple app store. Then, open the app, click on 'Continue
with Facebook' to sign up using your Facebook account OR click on
'Continue with Mobile Phone Number' to sign up using your mobile phone
number.**

**Q: Is it safe to Sign up using Facebook?**

A: When you choose to 'Continue with Facebook', we use your Facebook
account information to create a genuine and verified profile. We never
ever post anything to your Facebook account. Also, we will never share
your Facebook account details with other users. So, it is completely
safe. In fact, it is the most preferred way of signing up because you
can simply login to Derma Cupid using your Facebook login details.

**Q: Is it safe to Sign up using Phone number?**

A: Yes, it is. When you choose to 'Continue with Phone number' and enter
your mobile phone number, you will receive a 6-digit verification code
to your mobile phone number. This verification process helps to create a
verified profile. Most importantly, we will never share your mobile
phone number with other users.

**Q: is Email address verification mandatory?**

A: Yes. At the time of sign up, you are asked to enter a valid email
address and before you can start using our platform, it is mandatory to
verify that email address. It helps us to ensure that the email address
belongs to you. This email address is linked to your account as a unique
identity and it is not allowed to create another account with the same
email address. Moreover, we will use it to communicate with you
regarding your account activity and troubleshooting.

Don't worry, we will never share your email address with other users.

**Q: Is my private information (Email, Phone number, Facebook details)
safe?**

A: Yes. We will never share your private information (Email address,
mobile number, Facebook account details) with other users. All these
details are used to create a verified and credible profile only.

**My Profile & Photo**

**Q: Why I am not able to change my profile name or date of birth?**

A: After sign up, you cannot change the below 4 critical fields:

- Profile name

- Date of birth

- Marital status

- Religion (it can be changed only once)

This restriction helps to avoid misuse or fraud.

To modify these fields, please contact the customer support team by
visiting the **[Contact us]{.underline}** page. The customer support
team would make desired modifications in your profile after proper
document verification.

**Q: How to add photos in my profile?**

A: You can add up to 6 photos in your profile. Log in to your account
and go to 'My Profile' and click on the circular image icon to add
photos. Alternatively, go to 'Dashboard' page and click on 'Photo'
button at the top to add photos.

**Q: I have uploaded my photo, but, it is not visible on my profile?**

A: Your photo will go live after screening. This review process usually
takes 2 to 8 hours of time. Your face should be clearly visible in the
photo.

**Q: I am having trouble with photo upload. What should I do?**

A: Please email your photo(s) to <support@dermacupid.com> and we will
upload the photo(s) in your profile.

**Q: How can I add or update my Profile bio?**

A: Log in \>\> Go to 'My Profile' page\>\> edit the 'About Me' section

Your Profile bio will go live after screening. Please do not mention
email address, phone number, web links or social profile links in this
section.

**Q:** **How to review/update my partner preference criteria?**

A: Log in\>\> My Profile\>\> scroll down to "Partner Preference" section

**Q: What is trust score?**

A: Every profile is assigned a trust score depending on the number of
verified account credentials. Higher the trust score, more credible a
profile is.

**Description Trust score %**

Email address verification 20%

Facebook 20%

Mobile number verification 20%

Upload Profile Photo 20%

Photo ID verification 20%

For instance, if a user has verified 4 out of the above 5 credentials,
the trust score would be 80%

**Q: How to check and improve the trust score of my profile?**

A: Log in\>\> Go to Left side navigation menu\>\> Click on 'Trust Score'
button

Here, you will see the current trust score of your profile and the list
of pending items that needs to be verified to further improve the trust
score.

**Q: How to get verified the Photo ID?**

A: Upload a copy of any of the government issued Photo ID such as
Driving license, Passport, or any other document showing your name,
photo and age.

Login\>\> Left side navigation menu\>\> Trust score page\>\> Scroll down
to 'Verify Photo ID'\>\> Upload the document

Acceptable formats are jpg, jpeg, png and pdf.

Note: - Your Photo ID will never be shared with other users. It will be
used for verification purpose only.

**Q: I am having trouble with uploading my Photo ID. What should I do?**

A: Please email a copy of your Photo ID to <support@dermacupid.com>.
After verification, we will update the trust score on your profile.

**Q: How to change my mobile phone number?**

A: Log in\>\> Left side navigation menu\>\> Settings\>\>Change Mobile
number

You will be required to verify the new mobile number with a 6-digit
verification code.

**My Matches & Search**

**Q: Why I am seeing only a few profiles in 'My Matches' section?**

A: Profiles are shown in the 'My Matches' section in accordance to the
Partner Preference criteria. Setting a too strict and narrow partner
preference criteria will result in less number of matching profiles.
Hence, please broaden your Partner Preferences to see more matching
profiles.

To update 'Partner preference' criteria, visit 'My Profile' page

Log in\>\> My Profile\>\> Scroll down to 'Partner Preferences'

**Q: Why I am not seeing relevant, interesting profiles in 'My Matches'
section?**

A: Please review and update the Partner Preference criteria to see
desired profiles in the 'My Matches' section.

How to update Partner preferences?

My Profile \>\> Scroll down to Partner Preferences\>\> Click on EDIT
button to update partner preferences

**Q: How to search profiles on the basis of age, location or any other
profile criteria?**

A: Go to 'Search' Page to filter profiles based on age range, skin
condition, marital status, location and religion.

Log in\>\> Left navigation menu\>\> Search

**Likes, Chat requests & messages**

**Q: What is the maximum number of Likes and Chat requests I can send
per day?**

A: There is no limit to send Likes and Chat requests per day. However,
we suggest you to send Likes and Chat requests to interesting profiles
only after viewing their full profile details.

**Q: What is the meaning of 'Filtered Out' Likes and chat requests?**

A: Likes and Chat requests from users who do NOT fit into your partner
preference criteria would be shown in the 'Filtered Out' folder.

**Q: I have sent many Likes and Chat requests, but not getting
responses. Why so?**

A: There can be numerous reasons for it. Go through the below list of
most probable reasons for not getting enough responses:

- You have not uploaded a photo yet. Many users prefer to respond
  after seeing the picture of the other user.

- You do not fit in the partner preference criteria of the other user.
  In that case, your chat request will go into the 'Filtered out'
  folder of the inbox and it reduces the chances of getting a
  response.

- Your profile bio ('About me' section) is not properly drafted. The
  profile bio gives an impression of your personality. Hence, a poorly
  written bio with too many grammatical errors or spelling mistakes
  will leave a bad impression. Also, writing a very long profile bio
  is not recommended because no one will read it. Keep it precise,
  brief and to the point.

- Your profile is incomplete with many fields left blank such as
  profile bio, interests and lifestyle choices. Fully complete profile
  with correct information attracts more responses.

- In some cases, users prefer to respond later if they are not sure
  whether to accept or decline a chat request. **In such a scenario,
  it is better to move on and connect with other matching profiles.**

**Q: How to receive more Likes and Chat requests?**

**A: Please consider the below guidelines to receive more responses:**

- **Add photo(s) to your profile**

- **Complete your profile. Do not leave too many fields blank, such as
  Profile bio (About Me), interests and lifestyle habits.**

- **Set a broaden partner preference criteria to see more users in the
  'My Matches' page**

- **Be proactive and approach new matching profiles.**

- **Do not delay in responding to received Likes and Chat requests**

**Block profiles & Report misuse**

**Q: How to Block a user?**

A: If you don't want to communicate any further with a member, then go
to the full profile of that member and click on 'Block/Report' icon at
the top right to block that user.

**Q: How to Report a user?**

A: If a member has mentioned fake/fraudulent information, photos or
using inappropriate language during communication, then please 'report'
such a member to help us make Derma Cupid safe and friendly for all the
users. Go to the full profile of that member and click on 'Block/Report'
icon at the top right to report that user.

**Q:** **How to Unblock a user?**

A: Log in\>\> Left navigation menu\>\> Settings\>\> Go to 'Blocked
profiles' page

Here, you can click on 'Unblock' button to unblock a user.
